Add foreign keys (#3)
NarrativeScience/pynocular: README.md

await org.delete()

# Get org
org3 = await Org.get(org2.id)
assert org3 == org2

# Get a list of orgs
orgs = await Org.get_list()

# Get a filtered list of orgs
orgs = await Org.get_list(tag="green")

# Get orgs that have several different tags
orgs = await Org.get_list(tag=["green", "blue", "red"])

# Fetch the latest state of a table in the db
org3.name = "fake name"
await org3.fetch()
assert org3.name == "new org2"

```

#### Serialization

DatabaseModels have their own serialization functions to convert to and from
dictionaries.

```python
# Serializing org with `to_dict()`
org = Org.create(name="org serialize", slug="org-serialize")
org_dict = org.to_dict()
expected_org_dict = {
    "id": "e64f6c7a-1bd1-4169-b482-189bd3598079",
    "name": "org serialize",
    "slug": "org-serialize",
    "created_at": 2018-01-01 7:03:45

>     "updated_at": 2018-01-01 9:24:12

Reviewer: update syntax here

Author: for the timestamp? What should it be

Reviewer: Idk, a string or something. It's not valid Python as-is

}
assert org_dict == expected_org_dict

# De-serializing org with `from_dict()`
new_org = Org.from_dict(expected_org_dict)
assert org == new_org
```

#### Using Nested DatabaseModels

Pynocular also supports basic object relationships. If your database tables have a
foreign key reference you can leverage that in your pydantic models to increase the

> accessibility of those related objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessibility of those related objects.
```

```python
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field
from pynocular.database_model import database_model, nested_model, UUID_STR

from my_package import db_info

@database_model("users", db_info)
class User(BaseModel):

    id: Optional[UUID_STR] = Field(primary_key=True, fetch_on_create=True)
    username: str = Field(max_length=100)

    created_at: Optional[datetime] = Field(fetch_on_create=True)
    updated_at: Optional[datetime] = Field(fetch_on_update=True)

@database_model("organizations", db_info)
class Org(BaseModel):

    id: Optional[UUID_STR] = Field(primary_key=True, fetch_on_create=True)
    name: str = Field(max_length=45)
    slug: str = Field(max_length=45)
    # `organizations`.`tech_owner_id` is a foreign key to `users`.`id`

>     tech_owner: Optional[nested_model(User, reference_field="tech_owner_id")]

Reviewer: Whoa, does this dynamic type work?

Author: yep!

    # `organizations`.`business_owner_id` is a foreign key to `users`.`id`
    business_owner: nested_model(User, reference_field="business_owner_id")
    tag: Optional[str] = Field(max_length=100)

    created_at: Optional[datetime] = Field(fetch_on_create=True)
    updated_at: Optional[datetime] = Field(fetch_on_update=True)

tech_owner = await User.create("tech owner")
business_owner = await User.create("business owner")

# Creating org with only business owner set
org = await Org.create(
    name="org name",
    slug="org-slug",
    business_owner=business_owner
)

assert org.business_owner == business_owner

> # add tech owner

Reviewer: To match your casing elsewhere
```suggestion
# Add tech owner
```

org.tech_owner = tech_owner
await org.save()

# Fetch from the db and check ids
org2 = Org.get(org.id)
assert org2.tech_owner.id == tech_owner.id
assert org2.business_owner.id == business_owner.id

> # swap user roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Swap user roles
```

org2.tech_owner = business_owner
org2.business_owner = tech_owner
await org2.save()
org3 = await Org.get(org2.id)
assert org3.tech_owner.id == business_owner.id
assert org3.business_owner.id == tech_owner.id

# Serialize org
org_dict = org3.to_dict()
expected_org_dict = {
    "id": org3.id,
    "name": "org name",
    "slug": "org-slug",
    "business_owner_id": tech_owner.id,
    "tech_owner_id": business_owner.id,
    "tag": None,
    "created_at": org3.created_at,
    "updated_at": org3.updated_at
}

assert org_dict == expected_org_dict

```

> When using `DatabaseModel.get(..)`, any foreign references will need to be resolved before any properties can be accessed that is not the primary id. If you try to access a property before calling `fetch()` on the nested model a `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved` error will be thrown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `DatabaseModel.get(..)`, any foreign references will need to be resolved before any properties besides the primary ID can be accessed. If you try to access a property before calling `fetch()` on the nested model, a `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved` error will be thrown.
```

```python
org_get = await Org.get(org3.id)
org_get.tech_owner.id # Does not raise `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved`
org_get.tech_owner.username # Raises `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved`

org_get = await Org.get(org3.id)
await org_get.tech_owner.fetch()
org_get.tech_owner.username # Does not raise `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved`
```

> Alternatively, calling `DatabaseModel.get_with_refs` instead of `DatabaseModel.get` will

Reviewer: To match "calling" conventions elsewhere
```suggestion
Alternatively, calling `DatabaseModel.get_with_refs()` instead of `DatabaseModel.get()` will
```

> automatically fetch the referenced records and fully resolve those objects for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically fetch the referenced records and fully resolve those objects for you.
```

```python
org_get_with_refs = await Org.get_with_refs(org3.id)
org_get_with_refs.tech_owner.username # Does not raise `NestedDatabaseModelNotResolved`
```

> There are some situations where the none of the objects have been persisted to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some situations where none of the objects have been persisted to the
```

> database yet, in this situation you can call `Database.save(include_nested_models=True)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database yet. In this situation, you can call `Database.save(include_nested_models=True)`
```

> on the object with the references and it will persist all of them in a transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the object with the references and it will persist all of them in a transaction.
```

If `is_conditional` is `True` and there is no transaction in the call chain, then the connection will not create a new transaction. Instead, the query will be performed without a transaction.

### Creating database and tables

> With Pynocular you can use simple python code to create new databases and database tables. All you need is a working connection string to the database host, a DatabaseInfo that contains the information of the database you want to create and a properly decorated pydantic model. When you decorate a Pydantic model with Pynocular, it creates a SQLAlchemy table as a private variable. This can be accessed via the `_table` property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Pynocular you can use simple python code to create new databases and database tables. All you need is a working connection string to the database host, a `DatabaseInfo` object that contains the information of the database you want to create, and a properly decorated pydantic model. When you decorate a pydantic model with Pynocular, it creates a SQLAlchemy table as a private variable. This can be accessed via the `_table` property
```
